# Exam: A Refrigerator Simulator

This is a learning situation, to demonstrate your capabilities regarding
testing.

## Setup

1. Fork this repo.

2. Outside your Docker container, in the same directory as your
   `compose.yml` file that you've been using for the quarter project,
   clone the repository.

3. Edit `compose.yml`. You need to add the following line to the
   `volumes` section:

   ```
   - ./cs362-cold-beverages:/home/user/cs362-cold-beverages
   ```

4. Run the container. You should be able to see your
   `cs362-cold-beverages` directory in there

There is a _Gemfile_, so install the dependencies with `bundle install`.
The only dependency is rspec.

## Scenario

You have just taken over a legacy implementation of a refrigerator
simulator. There is an example program that "drives" the simulation. Run
it:

```
ruby lib/driver.rb
```

You should see the output of the status of a single refrigerator: once
while it is empty and hasn't been plugged in, and then its status after
being plugged in and used.

Look at `lib/driver.rb` to get a feel for how one can create
refrigerator components, assemble them to create a refrigerator, and use
the refrigerator.

## What to do

Run the test suite.

```
rspec
```

You should see a handful of skipped tests and one failing test.

### Step 1

Read the tests in `spec/vessel_spec.rb`.

Take a look at which test is failing, and fix the implementation in
`lib/vessel.rb` to get the test to pass.

### Step 2

Focus on the remaining tests in `spec/vessel_spec.rb`. Perform a TDD
workflow by removing each `skip` and getting each test to pass by
implementing new code in `lib/vessel.rb`.

Ideally, be sure that all of your Vessel tests are passing before you
continue to **Step 3**.

### Step 3

Now, your goal is to examine this legacy codebase and get as much of it
under test as possible. There are many paths you may take, techniques
you may use, and there is probably more code to test than what you have
time for. Make your decisions and be methodical. One suggested order to
pursue is:

- Item
- WaterDispenser
- WaterReservoir
- Freezer
- Chiller
- Refrigerator

Do not try to be too clever with your tests. Be methodical,
straightforward, and explicit.

### Step 4

Run the driver again. Notice how the water reservoir starts with "0
remaining" and then after some simulated use reports that there is "-2
remaining". Look at the code in `lib/driver.rb`, and look at the
`WaterReservoir` class.

See if you can keep your test suite green while you:

1. Modify the behavior in either `WaterDispenser` or `WaterReservoir`,
   to prevent the remaining volume of water from ever becoming negative.
   ("Where?" is a design decision you have to make, and "How?" is your
   creative output.)

2. Test this new behavior you have introduced.

3. Modify the behavior in the `WaterDispenser` class to not only drain
   the reservoir according to the volume of the vessel, but to also
   "fill" the vessel.

4. Test this new behavior you have introduced.

### Step 5

Create a pull request.

